I graduated from Tishreen University majoring in Computers Engineering and Automatic Control Department. Now, I am Stipendium Hungaricum scholarship holder as an MSc student in computer science engineering at the University of Miskolc, and I will have finished my study by June.
During my undergraduate studies, I completed several courses such as a workshop on C ++ programming and Introduction to Algorithm and C ++ Programming workshop. I taught a few students from my department some courses related to programming. This helped me gain the skill of multiple problem-solving techniques. After graduation, I worked as a private tutor and took a computer maintenance course. Until I got the best chance by being accepted as one of the Hungarian scholarship holders, I started studying computer science engineering program with a lot of enthusiasm and vivacity. So, I got a Bonze Medallion of Merit as recognition of outstanding academic achievement for the first semester. I was the winner of the Section Logistics of the Scientific Student Conference (TDK) at the University of Miskolc. Consequently, I published an article, which inspired me to keep doing well and start working for publishing my second article. Moreover, I got two certificates for finishing the Java Workshop and SQL Workshop which were issued by Packt company. 
Now, I am working on one of the interesting topics in logistics field which is improving smart waste management system for my MSc. The main idea of my thesis is monitoring the waste status in real-time and storing these data into a database to use in prediction using machine learning algorithms. My desire to get deeper into the logistics field made me exploring other areas of research. So, I explored an important topic which is the lack of balance between the rapid development of supply chains and appropriate solutions to their limitations.
Thus, I propose Machine learning techniques in supply chain management as my PhD research. Despite the increasingly complex technical and industrial processes and the increased technological advancement are occurring at an exponential rate, its importance lies in finding the solution to these limitations related to cost, complexity, and appropriate service to meet the customer demands.
The PhD position and my important research are a great chance to get theoretical and practical academic experiences, develop my research and exploration ability, and improve critical thinking and complex problem-solving. The most important benefit that I will be able to create the information instead than receive it. These benefits make me an expert able to serve the scientific community and contribute to rebuilding my country.
I have lived in Hungary the best moments of my life where the university ensures the appropriate environment and events to encourage academic excellence. In addition to the academic side, there is also the entertainment and cultural side where I got to know Hungary's landmarks and cultural heritage closely through the touristic and cultural organized by Stipendium Hungaricum Mentor Network. These reasons give me a strong motive to be sure that Hungary will be the best and the most appropriate scientific environment to pursue my PhD research.
My Enthusiastic mind and being a PhD candidate at one of the great Hungarian Universities are waiting for your approval. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Yours sincerely,
